Introduction



Welcome to CSE46901. We have prepared a few milestones before the final project, in which you will use a physical robot to execute a mission given by us. The following milestones will give you an idea how to interact with ROBOTIS’ Turtlebot3 waffle Pi with a Manipulator Arm using the Robot Operating System.



In this final milestone, you will learn how to use YOLO, a real time object detection algorithm based on Fully Convolutional Neural Network adapted to work with ROS on Nvidia Jetson Xavier NX. YOLO’s input is a camera image fed real time from a raspberry pi v2 camera, and the output would be a bounding box showing which part of the image belongs to which object with a text label. Our TA has already modified the Turtlebot to add a Nvidia Jetson Xavier NX, which will be used as the "central computer" to run roscore from now on (This is due to latency reasons). We will give you one more SD card to work on Jetson. Our TA has already burned the Jetpack's image to the SD card for you. Please test the camera to see whether YOLO can track the plastic bottle you can find in the box of accessories we lend you in the install configuration we are providing you with. 



You will find the tracking accuracy of YOLO to be acceptable but find that labeling may not always be correct. The accuracy of tracking is low because we intend to use a general YOLO v3 Tiny model trained on COCO dataset.  This decision was made because we do not want to burden students with having to train a custom neural network. You will have to think about how to cope with the poor tracking performance without training the YOLO model again. 



After testing YOLO, please write a ROS program to control the Turtlebot’s wheels such that the Turtlebot always looks at the plastic red bottle if the red bottle is within the field of view of the camera. More precisely, if the bottle is not at the center of the field of view, the Turtlebot has to turn left or turn right so that the Turtlebot looks straight at the bottle. Your program will have to subscribe to the bounding boxes messages from the YOLO node and identify the bounding box of the bottle. Then the Turtlebot should turn left (right) if the center of the bounding box is on the left (right) of the center of the camera's field of view.  Please submit a video clip showing how your program works, as well as the source code of your program.



Submission requirement



Hardware video demonstration submission is required for milestone4. (i.e. You may not demonstrate your code on simulation for a pass on this milestone.)  



We are not trying to differentiate students’ performance with milestones. The only grade that will be given is Pass/Fail. However, we do expect you to provide us with evidence that you have followed through the milestones by posting a video of each group following through with the tasks. For detailed requirements, please refer to “demo requirement” at the end of this document.



Once your group is done with the video demonstration, please submit it on the blackboard along with all of your source code. Each group will submit one video and a zip file containing your source code. Rules for robot room usage will apply. Every member will be asked to be present during receiving/handing over the turtlebot in the robot room as our soft-policy to discourage free-riding.



Once we verify that you have submitted the milestone requirement, you will be awarded Pass/Fail. You can resubmit videos to challenge your Fail status until the final project time period so that all groups can eventually pass the milestone requirement with no penalty for resubmission. (i.e. no difference between teams who get it right the first try vs teams who retries). However, do note that there is a logistical limit of each team being able to physically interact with the turtlebot.